---
layout: archive
title: "Publications"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

You can also find my articles on [my Google Scholar profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=zh-CN&user=TM20t7MAAAAJ).

## Journal Papers

*In Chinese*{: .text-muted}

* Liu Y., Yang G., **Luo J.**, Bi Y., Xu J., Huang Z., Li W., & Lan T.(2019).Effect of Different Thermal-Oxygen-Water Aging Conditions on the Properties of Evotherm Warm Mixed Rubber Asphalt. Highway, (08),188-193.  
  {: .paper-desc }
  > <span style="font-style:normal">**Abstract:** In order to study the effect of thermal-oxygen-water aging on the properties of Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt, the effect of thermal-oxygen-water on Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt under different thermal-oxygen-water aging is studied. The properties before and after aging are tested and evaluated by means of penetration test, ductility test, softening point test, elastic recovery test and Brookfield rotational viscosity test. The results show that the presence of moisture combined with heat and oxygen accelerates the aging of Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt. The penetration of Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt decreases with the presence of liquid water and gaseous water, but the effect of liquid water is more obvious. The 5℃ low temperature ductility of thermal-oxygen-water immersion aging is better than that of thermal-oxygen-water vapor aging, and the 15℃ and 25℃ ductility of thermal-oxygen-water vapor aging are better than that of thermal-oxygen-water immersion aging. The thermal-oxygen-water immersion aging and thermal-oxygen-water vapor aging can improve the viscosity of Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt, but the viscosity increases faster after thermal-oxygen-water immersion aging. The temperature sensitivity of Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt decreases under the combined thermal-oxygen-water aging, and the temperature sensitivity of Evotherm warm mixed rubber asphalt after 15 hours thermal-oxygen-water vapor is the least.</span>

* Liu Y., Yang G., **Luo J.**, Bi Y., Xu J. & Chen Q.(2020).Performance analysis of warm mix rubber asphalt under short-term aging and heat-oxygen-water vapor aging. China Adhesives, (08),21-26.
  {: .paper-desc }
  > <span style="font-style:normal">**Abstract:** In order to reveal the aging mechanism of warm mix rubber asphalt and evaluate its anti-short-term aging performance comprehensively, the short-term aging and heat-oxygen-water vapor aging tests were simulated, and the aging mechanism of warm mix rubber asphalt was analyzed and studied through three major indicators of asphalt, elastic recovery, viscosity and infrared spectroscopy. The research results showed that comparing with the short-term aging, the heat-oxygen-water vapor aging for 5 hours reduced the penetration of warm mix rubber asphalt faster. The order of ductility at 15 and 25℃ was: heat-oxygen-water vapor aging for 5 hours > before aging > short-term aging. Both heat-oxygen-water vapor aging for 5 hours and short-term aging could increase the softening point, but the former increased more. After short-term aging, the elastic recovery of warm mix rubber asphalt would be larger, while the elastic recovery of heat-oxygen-water vapor aging for 5 hours would be smaller. Both short-term aging and heat-oxygen-water vapor aging for 5 hours could improve the viscosity of warm mix rubber asphalt, but the former viscosity increasing effect was more obvious. Comparing with short-term aging, the heat-oxygen-water vapor aging for 5 hours increased more the content of hydroxyl, carbonyl, aliphatic methylene, methyl and sulfoxide groups in warm mix rubber asphalt, and the content of C-H bond functional groups was decreased. It showed that the effect of heat-oxygen-water vapor coupling aging was more obvious than that of short-term aging. Water vapor could increase the oxidation reaction of warm mix rubber asphalt, and generated more active groups and easily oxidized double bond functional groups, thus deepening its aging degree.</span>

* Yang,G.,**Luo,J.**,Bi,Y.,Xu,J.,Liu,Y. & Chen,Q. (2020). Aging characteristics and infrared spectrum analysis of Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt. Synthetic Rubber Industry, (05),366-370.  
  {: .paper-desc }
  > <span style="font-style:normal">**Abstract:** In order to study the effect of water on the aging of Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt, water aging test of Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt was simulated, and the changes of components and functional groups of Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt during the water aging process were analyzed by infrared spectrum. The results showed that the shape and position of the absorption peaks of Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt before and after water aging were similar, and there were no new functional groups. Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt was mainly oxidized under the combined aging of heat, oxygen and water. After Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt had been suffered heat-oxygen-water immersion aging for 5 h, the aromatics and asphaltene increased, but the saturates decreased. The hydroxyl and carbonyl became more prominent, while sulfoxide did not change significantly. The oxygen-containing functional groups in the heat-oxygen-water immersion environment were more than those in the heat-oxygen-vapor environment. The carbonyl and carbon-hydrogen bond area were more suitable to characterize the water aging of Evotherm warm mix rubber asphalt.</span>
